1436790/1438462: Part 44: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10657)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/data/xml/index.md

  
-   <xref:System.Xml.Linq>  
  

>  For a full list, see the [System.Xml Namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/gg145036(v=vs.110)) webpage.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For a full list, search for "System.Xml" on the [.NET API browser](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/?term=system.xml).  
```
